Pushkin Chkalov Eternal Flame Nude
brunette on the background of only the most recognizable
Orenburg places bare places of her
now recognizable global network not
foe who throws to
unfortunately remained unknown created
page in contact
yourself siterip it on behalf of this girls
home was unknown on this page
photos were presented Alexander
falcons administrator known in
Orenburg online community with
virtual group user
often discusses what happens in
the city 's scandalous photos from
light hands of Alexander became the property
public on its given in global
spider web shots appeared about a year
backwards
but for him it is not the main thing that
girls model and photographer and obviously not
nothing sacred at his trigger
the activity of those here is the memory immortalized
memory from risk nurturing is very caring
I have a version for Alexander
these photos were taken he held his
investigation and found out that the girl
probably wanted to make some money
on tight hanging on the site in which
exist
animals from different cities of auto engravers
filmed nude on the background
sights of many cities in
Including in Orenburg
the most that he could have struck him here
axor wins shocking shots
interested in the police and by
According to employees such a blatant case
in Orenburg for the first time and therefore what
the girl can only be blamed
assume by this fact will
Assigned check possible in actions
not installed girls are contained
evidence of crime provided
Article 214 of the Criminal Code
Russian Federation vandalism for this
an article on in a trial model faces
real term up to 3 months
but an independent lawyer and attorney denis
Kuzi Akhmetov claims that the photo on the background
eternal flame pulls the maximum on the small
hooliganism those actions that were
They are committed to the full
qualifies for this article
speaking of punishment provided for sanctions
articles
then supervision Kazan as a fine of 500
rubles up to 1000 rubles or arrest
up to 15 days today in the park salute
victories sanitary day along the green alleys
walking only guard according to them they
here every day 24 hours a day but how
naked girl went unnoticed
it is not clear race patrusheva Vladimir
Semyonov Dmitriy Zhuravlev, our time